docs: update and enhance oidc documentation (#2142)
authelia/authelia: docs/faq.md

## How can the backend be aware of the authenticated users?

This question is solved
[here](https://www.authelia.com/docs/deployment/supported-proxies/#how-can-the-backend-be-aware-of-the-authenticated-users).

> ## Why only use a private issue key with OIDC?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why only use a private issuer key and no public key with OIDC?
```
